---
title: "v0.6.0 (2021-11-15)"
description: "Clusternet Release v0.6.0"
date: 2021-11-15
draft: false
weight: -6
---

# Clusternet Release v0.6.0"

🥳🥳🥳 The sixth release of Clusternet comes!

This version mainly focuses on supporting Kubernetes version skew and improving the stability of deploying applications to child clusters.

# Changes Since [v0.5.0](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/tag/v0.5.0)

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/compare/v0.5.0...v0.6.0

## What's Changed

### New Features & Enhancements
* [Codecov](https://about.codecov.io/) was integrated into Clusternet CI. (#157, #171)
* Serviceaccount tokens can be used for cluster registration as well. (#158)
* Labels can be customized on cluster registration. (#179)
* With #183, visiting child clusters would be not affected anymore, when the `kube-apiserver` running in parent cluster sets flag `--anonymous-auth` to `false` explicitly.
* Kubernetes compatibility (#173, #182) had been well improved. The versions of Kubernetes clusters could range from v1.18.x to v1.22.x.
* Examples on curl with tls certificates was added. (#169)
* When a resource, like `HelmChart`, was not referred as a feed by `Subscription`/`Base` any more, redundant uid labels should be pruned. (#92)

### Bug Fixes
* `clusternet-hub` used in-cluster url instead of deprecated `ParentAPIServerURL` when accessing child clusters. (#164)
* Group `metrics.k8s.io` should be ignored to avoid same resource names with `corev1`. (#166)
* Module [clusternet/apis](https://github.com/clusternet/apis) import path restriction was removed. (#162)
* Resource deletions would be not blocked when clusters got lost. (#177)
* `Description` would be reconciled when applying failed. (#181)
* Dry-run results would be trimmed before storing (#170, #178)

## New Contributors
* @silenceper made their first contribution in #179
