---
title: "v0.4.0 (2021-09-06)"
description: "Clusternet Release v0.4.0"
date: 2021-09-06
draft: false
weight: -4
---

# Clusternet Release v0.4.0

🎉 🎉 🎉 Clusternet Fourth Release !

Clusternet (**Cluster** Inter**net**) is an open source ***add-on*** that helps you manage thousands of millions of Kubernetes clusters as easily as visiting the Internet. No matter the clusters are running on public cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud, or at the edge, Clusternet lets you manage/visit them all as if they were running locally. This also help eliminate the need to juggle different management tools for each cluster.

**Clusternet can also help deploy and coordinate applications to multiple clusters from a single set of APIs in a hosting cluster.**


# Changes Since [v0.3.0](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/tag/v0.3.0)
## New Features
- provides a ***two-stage priority based*** override strategy. `Localization` and `Globalization` will define the overrides with priority (ranging from 0 to 1000, default to 500), where lower numbers are considered lower priority. `Localization` is namespace-scoped resource, while `Globalization` is cluster-scoped. (#58, #61, #81)
   - NOTE: ***Currently only `ApplyLater` overrideType is supported***, which means these overrides will be applied for all matched objects on next updates (including updates on Subscription, Manifest, HelmChart, etc) or newly created objects.
- reports cluster/service CIDR and cluster node count in `ManagedCluster` status (#68)
- introduces new feature gate `FeedInUseProtection` to automatically inject finalizer `apps.clusternet.io/feed-protection` on new objects and removes corresponding feeds from Subscriptions when deleting objects that do not have finalizer `apps.clusternet.io/feed-protection` (#77)
- reconciles and applies resources on agent side - pull mode (#96)
- allowing customizing `ClusterType` on cluster regsitration (#94)

## Bug Fixes
- fixes resources listing over all namespaces and filtering over label selectors (#65, #72)
- When a new cluster is registered, or clusters are re-matched with updated labels, these clusters should be dispatched with all matching Subscriptions. (#90)

# Downloading Clusternet v0.4.0

The common platform binaries are here:

| OS Arch | Checksum |
| -------- | ----------- |
| [Linux i386](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-386.tar.gz) | 887b091e43ec342fc773ea24b86ac431929269e2390d645872cacb4b5c30f921 |
| [Linux amd64](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz) | f4984b2b900d296423aeff4fcbcc41d6fb693c872a9e43c36a82dfea77134cb9 |
| [Linux arm](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-arm.tar.gz) | 6bdc655e384de105fc7ac9a66aa9a2c39795b3daae3a8c7f48f8cb6239d71326 |
| [Linux arm64](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-arm64.tar.gz) | 9945b8229c9953db50505a21b8b97c312b919180f164989415d72de0e56bc14a |
| [Linux ppc64le](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-ppc64le.tar.gz) | fc070aba3bc5a6bfaf907ea1182cb65465a709a823f34b1042e7914a8212bbab |
| [Linux s390x](https://github.com/clusternet/clusternet/releases/download/v0.4.0/clusternet-v0.4.0-linux-s390x.tar.gz)  | 2363e9012cdaebf0db478f0a93fb1dd94a8ac44d94ed96614ec1568aa3066a43 |
